This is the root directory of the "NoFib Haskell benchmark suite";
version 2.01 (to match our other Glasgow functional-programming
tools).

The main change between version 0.26 and 2.01 is that the programs
have been converted to Haskell 1.3 (insofar as I could be bothered).

We have yet to release the NoFib stuff as we intended -- everything
tidied up -- because it's a lot of work for very few brownie points.
Probably we never will.  As it is, however, it is quite useful as a
Haskell-compiler test suite, so we are not keeping it to ourselves.

This version has *MANY* shortcomings, some of which I hope you will
report, so we can get something "real" out the door.

There are some restrictions on the use of this software.  First of
all, the copyright for the individual programs remains with their
authors (unless they have explicitly said otherwise).  Second, we (the
Glasgow Haskell project at University of Glasgow) retain the copyright
to any changes made to the programs *and* to the collection of
programs itself.  Third, for 2.01, it would be dishonest to suggest
that any results are related to the still-in-the-future "NoFib
benchmark suite".  So please do not make any such claims.

A position paper about the suite is in docs/paper/paper.dvi, and it
includes more than enough indication as to how we intend this suite to
be used.  Of course, we positively *welcome* honest and creative uses
of this suite.

The file BUILDING provides some direction about setting up the suite,
in order to run it. [NOTE: doesn't exist yet; see sketchy notes below]

The file BUGS is a list of things we *know* are not right [ALSO
VIRTUALLY USELESS].  Help would be most welcome...

You may sent comments or bug reports about this suite either to the
Glasgow Haskell bugs list <glasgow-haskell-bugs@dcs.gla.ac.uk>.
They will be most welcome.

== SKETCHY NOTES ==================================================

Quick and dirty
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Find a program you are interested in, make up a "makefile" by hand,
and try it :-)


Doing things properly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Run: ./configure --enable-nofib --disable-ghc --with-hc={ghc*,glhc*,hbc*,nhc*}

* Your "mkworld" project id is "nofib" (surprise, surprise).  You must
  also pick a "setup" for your "nofib project".

  There are three available, one per compiler tried so far: hbc, ghc,
  and nhc.

* Once you've decided on a setup, edit
  nofib/mkworld/site-nofib-<setup>.jm.  "SetupHcOpts" should be set to
  the compiler options that should be applied absolutely always (if
  any).
  
  nofib/mkworld/site-nofib-hbc.jm is a nice simple example.

* You should be ready to go.  "cd" to the very top directory and type:

    sh < STARTUP

  This should configure and build the mkworld, literate, and
  glafp-utils infrastructure, and configure the nofib stuff itself.

* If that works -- and you'll know if it did -- then do:

    % cd nofib
    % make -k >& make.log # to compile everything; save log for study
    % make -k runtests >& runtests.log	# also for study
